*** First, things that are not on the TODO list(Don't bug me about these
	things if you're an idiot.  I don't like listening to idiots.
	If you are not an idiot, and you can make decent arguments for why
	these should be on the TODO list, then you can bug me.).

 Remappable command keys:  Too much work would be involved, demand isn't
  very high, and I don't need this feature.  Maybe in the distant future, if
  input devices have changed significantly and if FCE Ultra is still around.

 High-level Game Genie support(like the RAM cheats):  This would be fairly
  simple to do, after doing the RAM cheat stuff, but I think that FCE Ultra
  already has too many ways to "cheat" and that this would just be code bloat.


*** General Features:

 Windows Port:
  Support for command-line options(so that one crazy guy will quit bugging
  me).

 SDL Port:
  Make the code better.
  Add a GTK+ interface using GLADE.

 Figure out a good way to add "turbo" button support and then do it.

 Make default svgalib video mode a non-tweaked VGA mode.

 Finish the software video blitting "library", add support for 2xsai, eagle,
 interpolation, etc. effects.

 Rewrite network play code.  Add security features(such as only allowing
 connections from a specified ip address).


*** Emulation:

 Fix DPCM playback and IRQ at end of playback.

 Improve the sound filters.  They work, but not very well.

 Fix frame IRQ(if it even exists...) and $4017.

 Fix some 6502 emulation bugs(undocumented opcodes might not be implemented 
 correctly and I'm not sure if the IRQ flag latency is implemented correctly).

 Fix MMC3 IRQ emulation.  Check if this fixes the PAL version of "Star Wars".

 Figure out correct timing for when the PPU refresh address register is
 updated by the PPU(for the next scanline).

 Vertical blank period might be too short?  Or maybe something is wrong 
 with my mapper 16 IRQ emulation code. Probably the latter.  
 See SD Gundam Knight 3 or SD GK 2.

 Sound frame count stuff on PAL games(is it correct?).
 
 Fix FDS sound emulation.

 Fix Zapper emulation(Chiller still doesn't always work correctly).
